hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing a room tour which was very
highly requested I've got so many
requests over the last two years and I
actually didn't realize it had been so
long since I filmed my last one so I
thought it was a good time to do an
updated version so first of all on the
front of my door I've got this poster of
Sherlock and John Watson I absolutely
love the show Sherlock so then if you
come in I'll start off by giving you a
quick overview of my bedroom so when you
first look into my room I'm just going
to start with what's on the back of my
door there are actually quite a few
things on here so I've got my bed jacket
then I've got my prefect gown for school
I got a satchel my dressing gown a
nightgown and my Harry Potter Hogwarts
robe so then if you look on this one
here I've got some of my favorite
photographs with friends and family so
this one you might be able to recognize
Ruby in this photo because ruby has
features in some of my videos and I also
really loved this photo this was on my
parents anniversary and but I really
love this wall I think it looks really
great and I love putting up photos to
remember fantastic times that you have
with people throwing rambling loads and
down here first of all you can see that
I've got three rolls of wrapping paper
so I've got two rolls of brown paper and
then this one which is really nice I
haven't have taken it out of its
packaging but it's got moons and stars
on it and I got it from pink chase so
then here I've got this door which was
actually my mum's and she very kindly
gave it to me and on top I put a little
wash basin and jug so I've got this jug
which is really pretty it's got birds on
it and then this bowl with fish and I
really like washing my face with this in
the morning because it's really old
fashioned and then lastly underneath
here I just keep my favorite body butter
which is the bodyshop pumpkin and
vanilla one I'll show you my lights
which actually so my dad um for each of
my lights which is because they've got
one here and then I've got another one
down here as well and what my dad did is
he took a photocopy from my favorite
pages of my favorite books and then he
put them under the lights which covers
so it looks really loving it's really
personalized as well so this one is from
the order of the Phoenix the Harry
Potter any order of the Phoenix and the
other one is from a little princess and
also I've got this little Polaroid for a
tail on the side here which is me
dressed up as Hermione for Halloween so
then next we have my bedside table so
I'm just going to start by showing you
what's on the top
here so I've got these two old-fashioned
books user both Dickens books so I've
got a tale of two cities and a Christmas
carol and then David Copperfield
and then on top of this I put 365 days
of wonder which is a collective for
every day it gives you a quote about
being kind and I really like looking at
this every morning
now they've got my clock and I will say
got this sleepy body lotion from lush so
the next I've got this little plastic
box from Muji and I find it's really
convenient to keep all of my little
things from my night table here so I've
got my white company white lavender
pillow mist which is my favorite
toiletry product ever and it smells just
I'm gonna I'm gonna fall asleep on its
brainlessly because it's just so
relaxing
so then I know it it's not Christmas
anymore I know Christmas has two months
ago but I really love snow globes so
I've kept this snowflake snow globe and
I've also got this little tea light in
the shape of a deer and front here I've
got my Gryffindor mug and also this
coaster with an R on it so this is
what's in the top drawer so I've just
got some notebooks and my iPad in these
piles here and then in this box here
I've got miscellaneous items so
headphones and very lights and post-it
notes and again I've got quite
miscellaneous things here so strepsils
and they've got a flat spare phone case
and also some spare toiletries and then
in this box at the back I keep some book
mop bookmarks and then I've got my crazy
Aaron's Thinking Putty hair and I love
crazy Aaron's Thinking Putty if you see
this organizer here in this front bit
here I've got some edible goods so I've
got some mints and raske remedies this
middle one is toys so it's kind of I've
just got a harry potter fidget
slithering are able to fidget Cuban some
more and crazy Aaron's Thinking Putty
and then at the back I've got tea lights
at the bottom here I've got my diary and
pen and also Harry Potter the Deathly
Hallows because I'm rereading it at the
moment
and I've also got my amazing Bowden
bunny slippers which are my favorite
slippers so then here I got my wardrobe
but I very recently filmed a wardrobe
tool so I'm not going to go through this
now but if you look around here um a
paper organizer where I just store loads
of paper and then in this box here I've
basically got things that I want to send
to my pen pals and they've also got this
dog toy here because I think it's really
cute but down here I've got this box
where I keep my camera equipment in and
then on top I've got some figurines Oh
Hermione Belle and Coraline and also my
Alexa dot echo dot even but you call her
relaxer of course let me quickly show
you these posters as well so I've got my
it's Leviosa not Leviosa and also our
Mya Granger picture and you'll probably
recognize these because this is where I
film all of my videos so then next I got
my scratch away map and if you watched
my last room tool we all know that I
used to have a television here but we
took that down and instead I fit up on
that there there next here I've got my
desk which is probably my favorite part
of my room and certainly in the face
right spend the most time so um I have
done a desk talk quite recently so I'm
not gonna go into too much detail but if
you want to have an updated desk tour
then please let me know in the comments
so then here I've got my windowsill and
as you can see I've still got some
snowflake stickers pinned up on my
window and I've also got this difficulty
light holder so then I've got two
candlesticks but it's really sunny today
and so I'm I've kind of got to take them
out because they keep on bending but
then I got an Arizona iced tea bottle
again because I really like the bottles
and I've got this picture of my friend
Ruby and I in a polar bear frame and I
really like this and then back here I
got some matches as well this is my
breaking matches and then on the other
side I've got this little and Hedgehog
which is made out of a book and some
year 9 girls at my school actually made
in South East and our Christmas
so I decided to buy one and again
another candlestick without the
candlestick in on my radiator Harajuku
table my radiator and on top I keep my
water bottle and this one's from Paper
Chase it's from the old Nordic notes
range and then also right next to my
ready - here I keep my own magazines
here and a kind of magazine rack style
so I read the New Yorker and also the
National Geographic and I have a
subscription to both so I just clip them
all here it's quite convenient actually
so then next here we've got my bookshelf
I love my bookshelf it's one of my
favorite parts of my room and I
especially like my Harry Potter shelf
here I am actually in a rush though I
need to go to some words I can't
actually finish filming this now so the
rest of the video is gonna be filmed
with me wearing something different I'm
sorry that there will not be that level
of continuity so then next down here
I've got my school books so most of them
are actually kept downstairs down here
I've got this little hairy foot of
writings that I got when we were in
Florida and it's really beautiful if I
could just it's magnetic and then it's
got some Hogwarts writing paper right
dusty ism and then I've got this really
large American gold box and I got this
ages ago I think this kind of two
thousand thirteen or fourteen um but
it's actually a nice box for storage so
I decided to use it to store all of my
stationery in so first of all on top
I've got this will stand and glue which
my friend Ruby hooked for me and then
I've got this diffuser from Muji and
I've got this candle snuffer and I love
candles not this because they're just so
old-fashioned so I'm going to show you
what I put inside of this box I've quite
a lot of stationery in here so it's all
stored in these Ziploc bags so first a
little miscellaneous speech and then in
this one I've got post-it note so it's
not that I do it every use them can I do
that through post-it note quite a lot
but I have
so money in here I've got washi tape and
ribbon and again a lots of Washington
ribbon I recently bought this hat from
Amazon and it was a pack of about 15 and
they've got really nice prints on and I
will actually leave it link down below
because I was impressed by it was 12
pounds for 15 which is really really
good in terms of washi tape so then in
this bag I've got stamped in this bag
I've got letter writing supplies then I
got this bag of pegs craft paper and a
roll of them laminating paper ink
cartridges and here these are kind of
mini craft supplies so if you're making
Christmas cards or birthday cards
lastly I put this little pencil case
which my friend Ellie actually you
brought me back from holiday and inside
I keep an array of these pens which are
some of my favorite pens and then next
I'm gonna quickly show you some of the
things that I keep under my bed so on
the top here I've got two notebooks and
then in this drawer here I've got all of
my pens I really love stationery as you
can see but it's just miscellaneous pans
and their coloring pencils Sharpie pens
and then pens hair lots of pens and then
in this drawer I don't even really know
what the theme is here that I've just
got some planners and organizers and all
sorts of pencil cases here this um
drawer I've got this periodic table
folder of my sister got me so inside
this folder first of all at the front
I've just got lots of extra philosophy
research which I which I do so I've got
a notebook full of that and then I've
got some notes that I've printed out of
the back and predominantly though this
is our order for newspaper articles and
magazine articles which I read and think
of really interesting there's not really
much in there that's worthy of comments
but I just got some cards and manuscript
with my book in there that's pretty much
it though and then lastly in this one
I've got my whiteboards and clean and
white and also some tea
back and then lastly we've got my bed so
first of all here as you can see I've
got a high quick toy which I've put up
and my mom bought me this back from
platform 9 and 3/4 at Kings Cross
station and then above my bed I put
these two paintings so this one here of
the Raven which really reminds me of the
poem by Edgar Allen Poe was painted by
our British family friend and then this
one was painted by her friend there are
really great paintings and I really love
the way they look and then lastly I've
got my bed here so I've got these two
large pillows back and this pillow here
I really am pretty much obsessed with I
got it yesterday from the white company
it was on sale for 5 pounds and I love
how old-fashioned it is and then here
I've also got my bedspread which is
again from the light company and I go to
a Christmas a girl over and it's really
something I really love the way looks so
thank you so much for watching
I hope that you enjoyed this video and
have a productive week